README.md, before:

### eth-faucet

[![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/MetaMask/eth-faucet.svg?token=126240abfcbf915f71b337dfc332d4ad63e362166827d61078593e2ae20aff36&ts=1501793671323)](https://greenkeeper.io/)

configure:
edit config.js to have your config details.
first namespace is used in `docker-compose.yml`.
```
cp config.js.example config.js
```

Or pass the environment variable `FAUCET_CONFIG_LOCATION` to the build step.

### development:

The `npm start` script runs `node server.js`, which runs browserify once on startup on the `app.js` script. That means the basic approach to development requires restarting the server on each change to see the result.

Good thing it's a simple app!

Will not work without a `config.js` file specified. You can run it with `ganache-cli` by pasting one of your generated private keys into a file like this:

```javascript
module.exports = {
  'ropsten': {
    'privateKey': '0xe2e5b850dd3974c6d296ccd69556fc2dc57484206b3411e5e3de1fc54f5afcf8',
    'rpcOrigin': 'http://127.0.0.1:8545'
  }
}
```

### note:
our nonce tracking sucks, so we shutdown the faucet regularly

### deploy:
```
docker-compose pull && docker-compose build && docker-compose stop && docker-compose up -d && docker-compose logs -f --tail 200
```

Commit message:

Node v12 and LavaMoat v2 (#20)
* deps - enforce dep install script whitelist

* test/stress - add new stress tests

* server/provider - log provider errors

* clean - remove log

* server/log - log uncaught error stacks

* server/log - fix logging format

* clean - reposition error logging

* meta - move to node v12

* ci - run postinstall

README.md, after:

### eth-faucet

[![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/MetaMask/eth-faucet.svg?token=126240abfcbf915f71b337dfc332d4ad63e362166827d61078593e2ae20aff36&ts=1501793671323)](https://greenkeeper.io/)

configure:
edit config.js to have your config details.
first namespace is used in `docker-compose.yml`.
```
cp config.js.example config.js
```

Or pass the environment variable `FAUCET_CONFIG_LOCATION` to the build step.

### development:

After `yarn install`, you must run `yarn run postinstall` to complete the installation. This is a workaround for applying a dependency install script whitelist.

The `yarn start` script runs `node server.js`, which runs browserify once on startup on the `app.js` script. That means the basic approach to development requires restarting the server on each change to see the result.

Good thing it's a simple app!

Will not work without a `config.js` file specified. You can run it with `ganache-cli` by pasting one of your generated private keys into a file like this:

```javascript
module.exports = {
  'ropsten': {
    'privateKey': '0xe2e5b850dd3974c6d296ccd69556fc2dc57484206b3411e5e3de1fc54f5afcf8',
    'rpcOrigin': 'http://127.0.0.1:8545'
  }
}
```

### note:
our nonce tracking sucks, so we shutdown the faucet regularly

### deploy:
```
docker-compose pull && docker-compose build && docker-compose stop && docker-compose up -d && docker-compose logs -f --tail 200
```
